Watch for impatience:
	Art phase and menus phase sort of made me impatient to get something working
	because I had never done menus/art for a game. I wanted to get something
	going and working really quickly. It's one of the most poorly understood
	parts of my project now because of this.
	
Game organization is huge and the more you can learn about structuring large
scale projects the better. This game works well and is organized okay for a
beginner. It's relatively modular. But it's beginning to have a few things slip
in there that are hardcoded or not as flexible as they could be. This is also
likely related to impatience. 
	
I lack some of the skills I need still with the physics engine, player movement,
basics etc. also skills for polishing games. Tweens are fine, but the animation
player/creator, particle effects, etc. I am not so familiar with.

Also, polishing takes a very long time! I underestimated how much time that it
would take to get the game to truly shine.

The lack of animations and juiciness is this games biggest issue at the moment.
Menus could stand to be redone.

Lack of settings is an issue. Specifically the screen resolution being tied to
1080p exclusively.
	
Menus are a mess

I don't understand custom resources

I don't understand Themes

Polish is so important and helps a game shine. 

You can do so much with gray boxing a game and if you stay in that phase for a
long time it's not necessarily a bad thing. Placeholder art is always a good
option too.

Deadlines are useful, but they aren't necessarily fun. I got a lot done and I
pushed myself to do more probably because of the deadlines, but it didn't 
enhance my enjoyment of the process.

Game design documents are important and mine was helpful in keeping me on track.
Simple tracking tools were also useful and important to the process (only used
a GDD, Trello, and Git for version control/issue logging).

It's impossible to really know when a game is done. Art is never finished, just
merely abandonned is a good quote.

You can accomplish a lot in 1 hr a day, but it will limit your scope
significantly if you want to regularly release anything substantive.

In the end I am having trouble being proud of the finished result even though it
is just my first game and I should be proud that I even made it this far! I am
not feeling that yet though. I think it's just a difficult time to focus on
things like this.

The FSM and then pivoting into a game sort of messed me up. It's a natural
consequence though. Like I wouldn't have maybe made the player object that way
if I knew more about game design when I started. However, this was absolutely
worth doing, even though that threw off the organization for a few things and
created some duplicate code.

The GDD was made later on in the games development, shortly after I made the
finite state machine. This hindered me a bit, but the GDD was still very useful.
I would use one early where possible in the future. However, given my
inexperience, I wasn't even sure if I could get the prototype working. The
choice I made at the time made sense.

I had no tools available for editting video and it led to a rushed finish on
getting a video together to just plain old share on Bluesky. Since I never
planned to market this game I never ended up having any plan for this at all!
